W-15857705: Connectors that export resources not allowed for mule cus… (#593)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: mule-gateway/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-custom-mule-4-reference.adoc

[CAUTION]
--

> Custom policy cannot use connectors that export resources or packages such as Java classes. For example, custom policies cannot use the Java or Spring connectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom policies can’t use connectors that export resources or packages such as Java classes. For example, custom policies can’t use the Java or Spring connectors.
```
